>> Mike North: So with that,
let's think about our first attack.
So there's one that I'm going
to point out to you right away.
And if you start app up, if we install it,
install the dependencies,
go through the ReadMe, it should look kind
of like what we have on the left here.
And you may notice there's
a little sign that
week that you might be
able to inject some code.
So if you add HTML to the name of an
account it'll actually respect that HTML.
So if you created something that
was Mike's checking and you put
b tags around the word checking
hey it's rendered as bold.
So when your penetration testing
the kind of thing you try this input
all over the place.
If you've ever gone through a penetration
testing exercise you'll basically come
back to your staging environment and
there are funky inputs all over the place
where they've tried to add a script tag,
they've tried to like admin and
weird quoting things that are designed
to try to SQL inject stuff.
They'll try to close html comments.
They're basically trying to put things
that will alert them to vulnerabilities in
every little spot that they can think of.
Where potentially, if you get input,
untrusted user input treated as code.
In this case, this is one.
There are two other cross-site
scripting vulnerabilities in this app.
One is reflected,
actually both are reflected.
So what I want you to do is,
we're gonna probe the app.
So there are at least cross-site scripting
vulnerabilities in this app find them,
see if you can cause some trouble.
You can open up multiple browsers
to simulate multiple users so
you could register for an account and
sign up as user A and user B,
and see if user B can create
some code that user A will end up
executing just by seeing a particular URL.
You wanna try one modern browser and
one legacy one.
I will try like IE9 for
our purposes when I go and demo this,
so obviously there are fewer protections
for things like cross-site scripting
on older browsers than there
are on the modern ones.
Just for multiple domains,
one of the tricks I want us
to use today is if lvh.me.
I tried to research it,
just was I couldn't find it.
But lvh.me is wild card domain
that points to a local host.
So you could do food.lvh.me.
They all point to a local host.
But that gives you the ability to check
tap different domains of different cookies
and things like that if you wanted to
sort of have a couple of clean starts.
We're going to do this, because we
may end up ruining some domains.
It's fixable, so
don't worry if you screw up localhost, but
we'll later on deal with something
HSTS headers and public key pending,
where we basically instruct the browser
to only trust a particular certificate.
And having multiple domains let's us
experiment with that kind of thing.
So with that,
I'm just gonna start the app up,
I'm gonna show you how to operate this
project, and we will go from there.
>> Mike North: All right.
So I've opened up the project
in Visual Studio code,
and the first thing you'll do is just
run yarn, or you'll get pull actually.
If you checked this out last night,
I removed a couple dependencies,
tried to smooth things out, get pull,
make sure you've got the latest stuff.
Then yarn to install all your packages.
And then npm start and when you see
something that looks like this,
it's basically creating a database for
you in this db folder.
>> Mike North: And
if we go to local host 3000,
sorry, http local host 3000 for now.
You should see something
that looks like that.
>> Mike North: And
what you can do is then go and
register and create an account.
>> Mike North: Do not enter any passwords
into this that you use elsewhere.
Like assume shenanigans for today.
I'm not tricking you with
anything that is in this project,
but the passwords are not distorted
Playtex in this database.
Do not enter passwords that are sensitive.
Do something like, A, B, C,
D, one, two, three, four.
>> Mike North: Apparently I can't type.
>> Mike North: Okay so
I've successfully registered.
And I'm actually gonna save
that password in my browser so
I can basically get it auto populated.
You'll end up logging in a lot today.
>> Mike North: And
you should see something like this and
you can create an account like checking.
And there you go, I've got $2.56, woo hoo.
Savings $47, so when you create an account
you get a random amount of money in it.
You can go over here and
you can transfer funds between, so
I'm gonna say from savings to checking,
I want to put $10.
And you see now I've got $12.56 instead
of $2.56 I moved $10 from one account
to the other.
The last page I want you to see it's
a very basic user profile page,
there's no real stuff here.
This is our half completed feature.
So these are really the three screens.
The listing of your accounts, the ability
to transfer to other accounts and
the profile page.
So what I want you to do is.
Find, so I've shown you one
cross-site scripting vulnerability.
Exploit that, try to find the other
two and you can use multiple browsers.
We will show you what happens with
the Legacy browser when we go through
the solution and make us of lvh.me.